## Sessions

### Introduction
The unofficial (and possibly official) UDP server uses a session system. What this means is that every client is part of a "session" that includes other clients. Think of it like a pool; you go to one, and usually, there are other people there as well! This is pretty much what the session system is like.

When it comes to the official servers, there is one thing that was possible there that is a bit harder with the unofficial server: separating players that are in different chat channels.

So, how was this done? In theory, each chat channel has its own session set up by the UDP server. The client re-sends the `HELLO` packet when changing chat channels, however, since this does not contain any XMPP (chat) information, the server has to wait until the first non-`HELLO` packet is sent. Then, the client is added to the session for the appropriate chat channel, and now only receives packets from the other players in the channel.

Ugh. Sort of complicated.

### Information
Not much is actually needed from the session. The only information that we actually make use of is the creation time of the session.

When a session is created, its "creation time" is set to the current time in milliseconds. When packet headers are generated by the server, the **time bytes** hold the value `currentTimeMS() - sessionStartTime` (Pseudo-code, obviously this won't work out of the box.)

Other than that... this is not something you'll find yourself coming back to often. 
